---
title: "McKensie Millay Personal Report 1"
date: 2021-09-05T00:00:00-04:00
draft: false
---

The biggest area where I feel I made strides in this week is learning about defining key concepts of content management. Before this class, I had my own basic understanding of what content was, but I feel like I have much better, concrete grasp on what content is and the importance of it. I now know that content is made through an editorial process and is meant for human consumption. I also created a visual in my notes this week with examples that helps me better understand when something is a part of an editorial process or not as well as when something is meant for humans and not. For example, Marvel movies is content because they go through editorial processes and are most definitely meant for humans but code generated by humans goes through an editorial process often to get the result intended but is definitely not meant for mass human consumption, it's meant for the machine. Finally, I also learned the difference and importance of both front-end strategists and back-end strategiests. Front-ends strategists deal with the actual content itself, deciding what to create and for whom are we creating the content whereas the back-end strategists deal with the more technical side, deciding how to best structure, orgnize, and maintain the content in a way best suited for the end users. I made note of these definitions for the different types of content strategists in my annotations for the second article this week. Overall, I am really enjoying this class so far!
